140 Nouus

5. Sororem gerocomio See note ιο p. 1, 1. 12.

7. Eodem patre nomo. '“The Atheniens were forbidden to
marry sisters by the sume mother, but not those bythessme
futher.’¹ Porrus„

8. Hujus conjugii cupidus Constructiom cupidus cosy‘ogii
hscjus. Hujus means Elpinice, sud is governed by conjugii in
the genitive.

10. Egit cum (limone ‘promd ιο Cimon! See noteto
pfflffid

' 12. Pecuniam soluturum: ‘would discharge the money!

· Pecuniam solum is used only in the sense of dischargs'og o dcht,
sud cannot, therefore, meon hore thst he wished ιο gius money
for the womsn3 but thot he would discharge the fios οι· fifty
tulents, which hod been imposod on Miltiades, und for which
hirson Cimon was, by the lcws of Athens, held responsible.

16. Prostitisset. See page 14, l. 22, und tho note.

23. Primhm imperator ..... Μοοίι, doc. ‘rohsn hs scos first
made commender, or, dcc first timo hc scos mad· commender, hs
put ιο ssight! The true meaning cannot be expressedin English,
except by supplying some such words. See note to p. 12, l. 14.

23 3. δοεεονοοε ‘inhabitants' Itisnot known that this word is Α
thus used in sny other ploce.

15. Dssrdcrium. This word implies o desire sor o thing cmc
possessed, together scith rsgrstfor its loss. Both the noun und
the corresponding verb may osten be well rendered by regrct.
See line 25, below.

18. contendero Lacedoemcucm: ‘ ιο gc directly ιο Sparte?

28. Ns quis ..... frueretur. construction: nc quis impediretur,
qud minius frncraur q'us τῶν, quitto quisquc vellet frui: ‘lest
enyone should be presented from enjoying,‘ doc. See note to

.4,1.13,(ι).
1)ae. dlipicsm offensum fcrtuod: ‘huy one whom he met by ,
chance! This is unquestionnbly the true interpretation; snd
offensum olone would be nearly the nme, us the verb means to
mest, or sother tc light upon. The possuge hus generally been
supposed ιο mean osc ιο whom fortusse is uujooorahlc.

 

